Let's start by changing that star.
I can based on whether this currently is a favorite or not.
I want to have debt filled star only if it is a favorite and an empty star if it's not.
So in the end and the meal detailed screen we need to swap that I can which were rendering here based
on the favorite status of this meal we loaded here no again.
Problem here is we can find out whether that meal is a favorite or not in a very easy way in the component
function but not really in the navigation options.
So again we'll need parents to communicate between these two but overall that's not too difficult.
What I want to do here is I want to get my favorite meals with the help of use selector in the meal
detailed screen component function with the above state and then state thought meals dad favorite meals
so I want to get all my favorite meals and now I simply want to check if Dad meal is part of the favorite
meals
and actually we can if refined isn't even named as current meal is favorite and into selector not just
return to favorite meals but add a bit more logic in there and simply add a check where we call some
which is all the built in method which returns true if the condition which we're about to specify is
true for at least one item in that array and there I check for every meal that's in there if the meal
idea is equal to the meal I.D. I retrieve here and hence I have to swap swap lines.
So here I get the meal idea ofthe meal where we're loading on the detailed screen and then I check my
favorite meals if that lady is part of them which would mean that this meal is part of our favorites.
So with that we have this current meal is favorite information now we need to pass it to the navigation
options and again we can do this with use of fact maybe down there justice before provide a function
here and an array of dependencies in the function here I'll set props navigation set pyramids to merge
more data into my parents and that is maybe the is fav PARAM NAME IS UP TO YOU which holds the current
meal is favorite value so that value which we just arrived and now a dependency of that function of
that use a fact call I mean is of course current Miller's favorite when dad changes I want to forward
the new information to the parents and they offered to the header otherwise does affect shouldn't rerun.
So now back in the navigation options we can retrieve that information here is favorite can be retrieved
from navigation data dot navigation with the help of get param and there I named.
This is FAF here it is.
So that's the name by which you can retrieve it.
Now we have to is favorite information in the header and we can now use this to render a different I
can here.
So instead of always rendering Iowa's star I'll have a dynamic expression here and I'll check if his
favorite is true.
If it is then I want to use Iowa's star which is this field star.
If it's not.
I'll render Iowa's star outline.
Dad will be an empty star.
With that we hopefully have a set up that works as expected.
I go to the spaghetti.
Now it is a sad empty star if I click this.
It's a film star and it's part of the favorites.
If I didn't go to the detail screen here you see takes a bit until the stars followed here as well we'll
have to fix this fire now click it here and we go back to meals there it all is updated and that's the
magic of redux it updates one part of the application if something related changes in another part.
That's exactly how it should behave here so that generally works.
The only thing that wasn't too beautiful is that this star here initially is empty and only gets filled
out after this is loaded so we can fix that.
But other than that this is working as it should now to fix it is initially empty star again.
We can use a workaround.
I explained earlier for that initial header data.
We don't want to wait for the first render to finish.
Instead we should pass this initial data into this component when we navigate to it.
Hence it's time for the meal list again where we have this navigation action to all move forward.
This is fav ki already so does ki which I tried to extract here and the meal details screen down there
get param is fast I want to pass the current value when we load this component when we load this screen
here from inside the meal list which is the component which triggers that navigation to meal detail
and of course the error.
Item data item is a single meal but that doesn't hold information about whether that's part of our favorites
or not.
But of course we can find out whether that's the case or not in the meal list.
We can also tap into the redux store not just from the screen components.
So here I can also use as selector from react redux like this and then in my component here I can get
my favorite meals with the help of U.S. selector where I get my state and then return state of meals
stored favorite meals to get all my favorite meals.
And now when we render a single meal item we can use that to find out whoever dad meal item as part
of our favorites by the way.
You can't use your selector in there.
That would not be a valid usage because you must use react hooks only on the root level of your component
function not in nested functions or nested if blocks or anything like that.
So using use selector in here is not allowed.
But we can use our favorite meals in there of course and therefore here we can find out whether this
is a favorite by simply checking the favorite meals and looking for the meal where its ideas matches
to item data.
Item not ideas.
So the idea of the meal we're currently rendering therefore is favorite will hold the item we found
there.
Alternatively we use some here which has a built in JavaScript method that will return true if any item
and favorite meals matches this condition.
So if his favorite is true we notice item is a favorite and therefore we can use is favorite as a value
for his fav which we pass as an initial param to the meal detail screen.
And now it is flickering star which initially is empty should be gone.
Now if I market is as a favorite here in a leaf doesn't it come back it's filled out right from the
start.
Also on the favorite screen of course so that's that.
This is how we can work with favorites.
Let's now make sure we show some dummy text here on the favorite screen in case we got no data to display
otherwise and thereafter.
Let's take care about our filters.